ENH: Learn Then Test framework in MAPIE (#320)
scikit-learn-contrib/MAPIE: doc/theoretical_description_multilabel_classification.rst

=======================

Three methods for multi-label uncertainty-quantification have been implemented in MAPIE so far :
Risk-Controlling Prediction Sets (RCPS) [1], Conformal Risk Control (CRC) [2] and Learn Then Test (LTT) [3].

> The difference between these methods is the way the conformity scores are computed. 

Reviewer: QUESTION: is it the case for LTT?

Author: Yes Learn Then Test is a method for  uncertainty quantification as RCPS or CRC

Reviewer: Is it a method for control risk ? Or for conformity score computation?

For a multi-label classification problem in a standard independent and identically distributed (i.i.d) case,
our training data :math:`(X, Y) = \{(x_1, y_1), \ldots, (x_n, y_n)\}`` has an unknown distribution :math:`P_{X, Y}`. 

For any risk level :math:`\alpha` between 0 and 1, the methods implemented in MAPIE allow the user to construct a prediction
set :math:`\hat{C}_{n, \alpha}(X_{n+1})` for a new observation :math:`\left( X_{n+1},Y_{n+1} \right)` with a guarantee

> on the recall or the precision. RCPS, LTT and CRC give three slightly different guarantees:

Reviewer: UPD: it's not clear whether RCPS and CRC only concern recall and LTT both precision and recall.

Author: Is the update satisfying ?

Reviewer: Thank you for this update :)

.. math::
    \mathbb{E}\left[L_{n+1}(\hat{\lambda})\right] \leq \alpha

- LTT:
.. math::
    \mathbb{P}(R(\mathcal{T}_{\lambda_{\lambda\in\hat{\Lambda}}) \leq \alpha ) \geq 1 - \delta

> Notice that at the opposite of the other two methods, LTT allows to control any non-monotone loss. In Mapie for multilabel classification,

Reviewer: UPD: please use MAPIE in uppercase.

Author: DONE

.. math::
    \hat{R}_n (\lambda) = (L_{1}(\lambda) + ... + L_{n}(\lambda)) / n

3. Learn Then Test
------------------

> The goal of this method is to control any loss whether monotone, bounded or not. The main goal of this method is to achieve risk control
> throught multiple hypothesis testing. We can express the goal of the procedure as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this method is to control any loss, whether monotonic, bounded or not, by performing risk control through multiple hypothesis testing. We can express the goal of the procedure as follows:
```

.. math::
    \mathbb{P}(R(\mathcal{T}_{\lambda}) \leq \alpha ) \geq 1 - \delta

In order to find all the parameters :math:`\lambda` that satisfy the above condition, Learn Then Test propose to do the following:

0: First across the collections of functions :math:`(T_\lambda)_{\lambda\in\Lambda}`, we estimate the risk on the calibration data
\{(x_1, y_1), \dots, (x_n, y_n)\}`.
1: For each :math:`\lambda_j` in a discrete set :math:`\Lambda = \{\lambda_1, \lambda_2,\dots, \lambda_n\}`, we associate the null hypothesis
:math:`\mathbb{H}_j: R(\lambda_j)>\alpha`, as rejecting the hypothesis corresponds to selecting :math:`\lambda_j` as a point where risk the risk 
is controlled.
2: For each null hypothesis, we compute a valid p-value using a concentration inequality.
3: Return :math:`\hat{\Lambda} =  \mathbb{A}(\{p_j\}_{j\in\{1,\dots,lvert \Lambda \rvert})`, where :math:`\mathbb{A}`, is an algorithm

> that controls the family-wise-error-rate (FWER).

Reviewer: UPD: start numbering with 1 (not 0).

Reviewer: UPD: Please precise the concentration inequality used in LTT (refer to Angelopoulos).

Author: Done
